Hi again, this is the solution to exercise 89.
And you were asked to access rows from a database file.
So I used sqlite3 for this exercise.
You need to install it with pip install sqlite3, and then it's quite straightforward.
As you see few lines of code you need to create a connection object using connect method of sqlite3.
So you just pass the path to the database.
This happens to be in the same directory with my 89.py file.
So I just pass the file name there cur, and then we need to create a cursor object by referring to our connection
object.
Then you apply the execute method to the cursor object.
So you want to execute a query, an sql query to your database.
So the query is select country. Contry is the name of the column.
So we want to print out country names and select country from countries. Country is the name of the
table in the database where area is greater or equal than 2 million square kilometers.
So we want countries where area is greater than that, and you need to use the fetch all method then to your
cursor object so that will create an object with tuples containing the data, the names of all the countries.
And then you need to close the connection to the database.
So that's about interacting with the database.
Now it's all Python.
So you have these rows and you just need to iterate through that and because you know these rows...
Let me print out rows.
Python 89.
Ok, this is the rows object, so it's a list of tuples and each tuple contains a country.
Therefore that's why I'm doing here for i,
so i will be each tuple.
So i,  and I'm printing the first item of i which is Russia for the first tuple, and I then Canada, and so on.
So I'm able to extract the strings and print them out in here.
That's the solution for this exercise.
If you have questions, please ask them in the Q&A area.
I hope you're enjoying the course and we have still some more exercises to go.
Thanks and I'll talk to you later.